docs: upgrade version to 2.7.0 (#164)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/changelog/bytebase-2-7-0.md

---
title: Bytebase 2.7.0
author: Mila
published_at: 2023/08/31 17:21:21
feature_image: /content/changelog/2-7-0-banner.webp
description: 'Git-like Branching for database schema migration. Search all Issue histories. Export Audit Logs.'
---

## 🚀 New Features

- Support Git-like Branching for database schema migration.
- Support searching all Issue histories.
- Support exporting [Audit Logs](/docs/security/audit-log/).

## 🎄 Enhancements

- Revamped UI for database change issue.
- SQL Review: support configuring separate settings for different database engines. 
- Provide [arm64 Docker image](/docs/get-started/self-host/).

## 🎠 Community

- Thanks to [@kanzihuang](https://github.com/kanzihuang) for PR fix: query when connecting to instance in sql editor [#7524](https://github.com/bytebase/bytebase/pull/7524)
- Thanks to [@vladdoster](https://github.com/vladdoster) for PR docs: fix readme.md spelling and punctuation [#7667](https://github.com/bytebase/bytebase/pull/7667)
- Thanks to [@heng4fun](https://github.com/heng4fun) for PR docs: fix typo Bytebaes [#161](https://github.com/bytebase/bytebase.com/pull/161)

## 📰 Fresh off the press

> - NEW video tutorial: [Data Access Control](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=shared&v=K_RWlqdplZQ). Learn how DBAs can configure DAC policies to regulate how devs interact with data & how devs must request to query data in Bytebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- NEW video tutorial: [Data Access Control](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXo559a1Lpc). Learn how DBAs can configure DAC policies to regulate how devs interact with data & how devs must request to query data in Bytebase.
```
